listen a little dangerous and tune in
for episode 2 there's a big reveal at
rubios or not who she seems to be and
bella who i'll let been described has
been created no Bella is you know in
this world pretty much everyone who's
contacted the supernatural desertion
telling their the cause based I mean
like it's a heroic struggle of good
versus evil and Bella is designed to be
not that you know she doesn't really
have a cottage cheese in it for herself
she is a thief basically and so we're
going to play I think um some pretty
interesting games with her and she's
going to be kind of a constant foil for
the voice intensive activities not
constantly couldn't do that's how I'm
talking about but yeah so she's pretty
cool cat burglar helps guess what
anything about having a new characters
in no love interest apparently so grown
up good bad well you know I think it's
know Jenna's perspective it's very
welcoming to have had people come on
show to you can actually build
relationship former a structured
relationship
that we've had a couple of characters
come in and out you know we had dad on
for a while and I was you know great to
have him and every time he come off
there was just this dynamic that we felt
very comfortable and because it was
something that was familiar to us same
thing with the you know with with jim
beaver who playing Bobby you know let's
just you get to you get to really dive
in and explore relationship between two
characters when you get to work with
them more so I think to to introduce
characters that are going to be around a
little bit more whatever they might be
you get to see more of a dynamic between
those characters between the two
brothers and it just adds more layers to
already very layered show okay and I can
say hello